# TG---Module-System
TG – Module System is system based application that allows us to access the whole information about the college students and facilities etc. This application provides a virtual tour of Campus. Here we will get the latest information about the students and faculties. This generic application designed for assisting the students of an institute regarding information on the courses, subjects, classes, assignments, grades and timetable. It also provides support that a faculty can also check about his daily schedule, can upload assignments, and notices to the students. Here administrator will manage the accounts of the student and faculties, makes the timetable, and upload the latest information about the campus.  
The main objective of TG module system is to automate all functionalities of a TG management. Using this system you can manage all TG management work like TG Registration, fine fees submission, time table management and result declaration. Using this college management system you can view or update data and information about students and faculty easily. This system helps in managing the activity like student TG registration, student registration, and fine fees submission. Admin can also retrieve information of faculty and student.
The TG MODULE SYSTEM can be used to store student information like attendance, fees, and student result etc. admin can create report regarding any student any time using this system. Using this system you can register new student and their course details. You can submit students fees and can check fees details anytime. You can create mid semester exam result and submit in this system. Student can check their result online by logging to the system. You can also add new faculty in the system and can check details of the faculty easily. Student can also check course and time tables detail online from this system.
Using this system you can manage all information of all aspects of a college, its students, faculties, Departments, marks and other curricular activities. TG module system provides the easiest way to manage all functionalities of a college. This system facilitates colleges to maintain the functionality related to college faculties and their students.
